[Pale Snake]
This search will continue,
but let's suspend it for now.
It's quite obvious. We must
let it decide its own course.
I'll observe it first,
then combine it
with Jotaro Cujoh's memories
for everyone to find out
the real truth.
[Jolyne]
This weird little fruit baby
probably absorbed the bone
when it was germinated.
And Pale Snake is here
somewhere inside this prison
to find out what's behind this.
What will come out of this pod?
He's here because
he wants to know
what begins
when it's finally born.
You have to go find
the main body.
And when you do,
blow him off the map.
[F.F.] Son of a bitch!
This is way worse
than I imagined.
That disgusting drool
hit my face and
this foul poison stroke
before I knew it.
And now, my mouth is half gone.
-Slowly, little by little.
-[buzzing]
What should I do?
Should I go after
Jolyne's boat?
No!
The plan was to go find
that Stand's User
and assassinate him.
So, goddamnit!
I'm sticking to it.
It's the only way it gets done.
Hey, weirdo!
Head straight for that grove.
[engine rumbling]
This might be
a silly question, but...
why did you make him
stop the boat here?
Now, quick! Turn off
the engine and keep quiet.
Listen! Do you hear something?
[grunts]
[moans]
Hey, I told you
to turn off the engine.
-Now, hurry up, you fool!
-Oh, yes!
[mumbles]
[guard 1] Abnormal conditions
straight in
all Discipline Cell Zone.
-[gasps]
-Security is now set to level 4
Alert is at max priority.
in entire complex.
[Anastasia]
A 12.7mm heavy machine gun.
Operational distance range is
1,000 to 2,000 meters.
If we were barely grazed
by one of those bullets,
both our limbs and this boat
would be shattered.
-[YA-YA MA yells]
-[both gasp]
Hey, quiet down, will you?
You're making waves,
they'll see us.
You'll break the steering
wheel. Get away from it!
[groans]
[suspenseful music playing]
-[gasps]
-Just stay calm.
If they knew we were here,
there would already be
a hail of gunfire.
[guard 1] At your ten.
I just saw a ripple
in the water by that grove.
[guard 2]
Maybe it's a fish or gator?
Oh, crap!
They're headed right to us.
[grunts]
[YA-YA MA grunts]
Excuse me!
[exhales]
If you take these leaves,
Master,
you'll be able to make a...
You idiot! I told you
to keep your trap shut.
Wait, please!
You don't understand, sir.
Take this prond and
fold it in half.
[both gasp]
You weave the leaflets, then
you place it up against here.
[grunts]
You then secure it
with a stalk.
Take the sap,
and smear it on your face.
Hmm.
[YA-YA MA] There we go!
Now, everybody's ready
for the plan together.
[engines rumbling]
Hmm.
[gasps softly]
[beeping]
[guard 3] Emergency!
All units back at
the Discipline Cell Ward now!
I repeat, abort and return!
We have to go back?
This isn't standard protocol,
must be pretty serious.
Well, you heard them.
[both gasp]
[groans]
[guard 2]
Wait! Holy shit! It's them!
They saw us! Start the engine
up and let's go. Hurry!
There's not enough time!
We'll be dead
before it even spins.
[guard 2] What kind of crap
did you pull
up at the Discipline Cells,
scumbag?
[groans]
[buzzing]
[ominous music]
[guard 2] Don't move! Stay
right where we can see you.
Get down on the ground,
and don't try anything funny.
Hey, you giant freak!
Do you want to get shot?
Get on your knees!
Hey, the boat!
Don't worry!
We can borrow one of theirs.
-And by we, I mean you.
-[YA-YA MA yells]
[groans]
[screams]
[guard 2]
The hell was that just now?
[both] Huh?
We'll be taking this boat.
Get back safely!
The crocodiles are hungry,
so try not to get eaten.
-[both gasp]
-[Anastasia] Diver Drive!
[both yell]
-[Anastasia] Jolyne!
-[gasps]
Are you okay with plants?
Let's keep heading
towards the east.
The sun's getting low.
We'd better hurry.
They're so brutal.
Treating me like a base object.
I like it.
[whistling]
-[whistling continues]
-[gasps softly]
Jolyne, may I ask you to stop
that whistling.
I find it highly irksome.
[Jolyne grunts]
Besides, those guards
might come after us
and I want to keep an ear out
for their engines.
[gasps]
No! My voice is gone!
[wheezing]
[whistling]
[grunts]
-[gasps]
-[whistling]
This guy.
Stealing the green child
and escaping with it
wasn't his only goal here.
He was secretly attacking us!
Are you feeling all right?
Your breathing is
very erratic and shallow.
[breathes heavily]
So is mine, Jolyne.
Do you feel my rapid heartbeat?
Suddenly being so close.
Now that you fully understand
my feelings for you.
[breathes heavily]
[Jolyne] Not my eyes,
my tongue! Look!
Are you telling me
you can't find any words?
[breathes heavily]
I understand that feeling
all too well.
But words are unnecessary...
See!
I feel the exact same way.
You want to kiss me,
don't you?
How about the type where our
tongues join and softly tangle?
[groans]
[Jolyne] When? And how
did that creature attack us?
I didn't even notice.
We clearly need to watch him
every second.
[both grunt]
[soft romantic music playing]
Jolyne...
[grunts]
I'm confused.
Help me out here.
Do you want to kiss or not?
Or is this an indication that
you're partial to more
unorthodox proclivities.
Do you prefer to kiss
like a contortionist?
[Jolyne] He's an automatic
pursuit-style Stand.
He obediently follows orders
like a slave,
and grovels at your feet
to seem harmless and pathetic.
Obviously, that's his
effed up little trick.
He's a Stand that
specifically waits
for the moments when
we're most off-guard,
then he strikes automatically.
We'll both be dead
if we don't do something.
[suspenseful music playing]
Okay, my back is turned now.
Try attacking me.
I need Anastasia to notice.
Hmm.
[growls]
YA-YA MA.
That is my name
and don't you forget it.
YA-YA MA.
Here's what happens
when you lick a frog's skin.
You make a gooey liquid
made of a delicious combination
of lard, blood and brains.
Then rub it all over your skin,
your entire body.
It's a wonderful beauty secret.
It gives you
superior hydration.
Uh, if you so desire,
I can catch ten more
and make you a miniskirt
out of the skin.
And if you don't mind me
saying so,
I would be incredibly honored
to do it.
I'll make your legs
look very long and slender,
your calves shapely
and your butt perky.
Jolyne, tell me if there's
something wrong. Seriously!
[Jolyne] If a trigger is
really necessary here,
then it makes sense that
there'd be a trigger
to his attacks.
What's worse, if they're
launched automatically.
[suspenseful music playing]
Yah.
[gasps]
Exactly what I was waiting for.
I stretched my thread
over my skin
and waited for something
to touch it.
When I look away, that's when
the automatic attack starts.
That's his power.
Hitting at your weakest point.
But also, I figured out
his sneaky-ass method.
Mosquitoes!
Jolyne,
what's happening to you?
[groans]
-Jolyne!
-[Jolyne] Wait!
Was I wrong about this?
It's not only mosquitoes?
Shit! He's obviously
got other ways
to hit us besides
those bloodsucking bugs.
-[Jolyne exhales]
-[grunts]
[Anastasia] You...
Bastard! What did you do?
Tell me, Master!
It's up to you!
Should I continue driving us
back to supposed safety
or maybe you'd prefer
to fight with me?
One-on-one,
as the expression goes.
Or would you like to run...
[yells]
[groans]
[Jolyne] I was right!
The mosquitoes are
just part of it.
But what the hell else
is he going to let loose?
[YA-YA MA] Come on, come on!
[Jolyne] He's doing
something horrible to us
that we can't even see.
Run away!
You might like to know.
I believe this is the very last
chance you have to run away.
Prepare yourself, wretch.
Prepare yourself for
your single greatest regret
that you were shat out
into this world.
[Anastasia] Go to the back
of the boat,
in the port side corner.
Move it!
[gasps]
Huh?
[grunts]
Now, take out everything
you've been hiding from us.
I want you to lay it out
at my feet and show me.
No funny business!
[YA-YA MA] Okay!
I have two beetles.
There's also a karaoke mic.
Packets of sugar substitute,
and these three frogs.
I also have a raw frog skin,
one head of broccoli
and four mock strawberries,
and two used matches
and that's everything.
I promise you!
[Jolyne]
It's not his creepy stuff.
We're upwind of him,
but something is
still attacking us.
-[YA-YA MA groans]
-What the hell is it, though?
So, you embody an
automatic pursuit Stand then,
which means whatever
your attack target is,
it has to be fixed.
[YA-YA MA] You are correct.
It's completely fixed.
Ever since I first touched
Jolyne Cujoh,
well, you know the answer.
So, with Jolyne as the target,
you were ordered by
your User not to run away,
or, in fact, do anything else
until she's been killed.
YA-YA MA.
And if your plan
is to stay by her side,
I think there's something
you should know, Master.
That would leave me with
no other choice
but to finish you off, too.
[groans]
[Jolyne] Wait! Is it his spit?
YA-YA MA.
Do you still not understand?
There's no way you can
destroy or stop me.
I'm afraid to let you
get used to the idea.
[YA-YA MA]
There was only ever one way
either of you were going
to survive this trip.
And that was to escape me!
Alas, you have failed.
[Jolyne] I think we're gonna
have to stop this boat,
and fast.
All that foamy spray flying up,
if he's mixed his nasty saliva
he used to attack us before
with the marsh water we're now
getting splashed with,
we are screwed.
All right, stand up and get
your ass in the driver's seat.
Make the boat go faster. Move!
You hear me? Come on, get up!
[Jolyne]
No, no! It's the opposite.
Higher speed
creates more spray.
If you do that, we'll melt
like hot wax in minutes.
Yes, most certainly, Master.
I will do precisely
as you have asked me.
[grunts]
[croaks]
[breathes heavily]
Agh.
Huh?
[gasps softly]
[YA-YA MA munching]
Jolyne, it seems like
he's no longer attacking us
despite the fact that
that he clearly
hasn't sped up the boat.
[yells]
[grunts]
[YA-YA MA] YA-YA MA.
Something's not right.
-[birds cawing]
-[yelps]
It's birds! Hide! Hide! Hurry!
-[croaking]
-[groans]
Huh?
Diver Drive.
It doesn't matter
what his attack methods are.
We don't have to worry anymore.
Since this scaly,
wretched freak
is a perfect automatic
pursuit Stand,
I simply implanted a frog
into his brain,
and subsequently
attached its brain
right to his pursuit sensor.
Therefore, just like a frog,
he'll be in perpetual pursuit.
-[croaks]
-Agh.
[YA-YA MA] Um, uh-oh, what am
I supposed to do again?
I can't remember.
Oh, yes.
I'm an automatic pursuer.
I've been ordered
to kill Jolyne Cujoh
and abscond with
the green child.
I know that much.
Oh, I don't have time for this.
I've been derailed.
I have to disseminate
my spit-spray
and attack Anastasia.
I'll rub some plastic
onto the propellers
to create static electricity.
And its resistance will scatter
my spit flecks everywhere!
He can try, but he'll never
figure this one out.
[birds cawing]
But I can't get past
my fear of the birds.
Gotta hide! Must get away
from them! [grunts]
Ew, no, I wet myself,
just like a frog.
[croaks]
Whoa! So cute!
What a beautiful body that is!
Come here! I have to catch you!
I have to catch you!
Oh, a beetle!
[munching]
I believe it's safe
to leave him alone now.
We need to get back to F.F.
and heal your wounds.
But before that,
we must wait for them
to take out D an' G and return.
[gasps softly]
we must wait for them
to take out D an' G and return.
[gasps softly]
-[guard 1] Hmm.
-What the hell?
I've seen crazy shit in here,
but nothing like this.
Where did the guards and
prisoners go?
They're just gone!
It's only been ten minutes.
What are these?
Are there actual trees growing
in here all of a sudden?
[guard 1] How are we
supposed to report this?
And what's the deal with him?
Can he not talk or what?
[guard 2] He's prisoner number
ME14067, he goes by D an' G.
His forearm is just
blood and bone now.
It's hanging by a thread.
He's in no shape
for questioning.
[F.F.] You've got some balls
sending a gross,
creepy Stand like that.
So as payback, here's some
F.F. ammo for your head!
[exhales]
Huh?
Hey, I know that guy.
He's Father Pucchi,
the prison chaplain.
Did they bring him here
for that bastard's last rights?
Don't worry about him!
Just focus.
The most important thing
right now
is making sure D an' G
is dead as dirt.
[Father Pucchi]
Three hundred fifty-nine.
Three hundred sixty-seven.
Three hundred seventy-three.
Three hundred seventy-nine.
Three hundred eighty-three.
Three hundred eighty-nine.
Three hundred ninety-seven.
The three hundreds are done,
now the four hundreds.
Starting with
four hundred and one.
Four hundred nine.
[Father Pucchi]
Since D an' G is injured
to within a mere hairsbreadth
of bleeding to death,
that can only mean
that somewhere,
Jolyne Cujoh's still alive.
And the massive amount
of those
withered and
rotting plant remains,
I surmise must be due to
the presence of Dio's bone
buried within.
-Truly, Dio's bone
-Four hundred fifty-seven.
-employed the prisoners' bodies
-Four hundred sixty-one.
-to instigate a movement
-Four hundred sixty-three.
-that's beyond my imagination.
-Four hundred sixty-seven.
[Father Pucchi]
Simply magnificent.
We should celebrate
that this is finally begun.
For 22 years,
I have awaited this moment.
Anything and everything
D an' G saw here,
I have to pull out
of the man himself all I can.
Well, well, Survivor's Guccio!
Though, it seems you're witness
to none of the action,
I still believe
something special
was born from
all those plants.
Wouldn't you agree
that birth warrants rejoicing?
And that will soon
belong to me.
Do you want to know the
definition of true happiness?
When you hold heaven
in your hands.
We must praise
what has been born unto us,
as it is heaven, embodied.
A new world has opened up,
and I am going to be
at the vanguard of it.
[Guccio] Ugh!
[groans]
♪ Hallelujah ♪
-♪ Hallelujah ♪
-[Guccio groans]
♪ Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. Halle... ♪
Wonderful! Give due praise
to this deep emotion.
Ah, Handel's exquisite
"Messiah",
a time-honored masterpiece!
♪ Hallelujah. Hallelujah. ♪
How fitting! A perfect piece!
As if the sounds themselves
were aglow.
It's oft been said that
Handel continued to play this,
his own magnum opus,
until the day before his death.
Right! We're gonna
leave D an' G to the medics,
and question him
after treatment.
All the rest of us are
gonna search
for the prisoners and guards
to see where in the hell
they could have gone.
-Let's go.
-[guard] Yes, sir.
[footsteps]
[Father Pucchi]
Well, in that case,
I'm going to question him
before his treatment.
Losing sight of
that newly-born miracle
would make me
very, very unhappy.
[paramedic]
Okay! Let's back it out.
[F.F.] Got it!
[D an' G groans in pain]
[dramatic music playing]
Huh?
[Father Pucchi]
Huh! That face...
I recognized the face
hiding under that hat.
[gasps]
Eat this, pal!
You should know, users
of automatic pursuit Stands
are defenseless
when under a counterattack.
That's just the risk you take.
Yes, I was right! F.F.!
Why is she
at the Discipline Cell?
And how long? Not good!
[Father Pucchi]
She's going after D an' G!
-[F.F. gasps]
-[guard grunts]
It's a disc.
-[F.F. grunts]
-[groans]
Pale Snake is here somewhere!
Shit! Where is he?
Which direction did he throw
that damn disc from?
[Father Pucchi]
Four hundred seventy-nine.
Four hundred eighty-seven.
Four hundred and ninety-one.
Four hundred and ninety-nine.
[F.F.] No way!
He's who threw it.
Monster!
Troublesome!
This is troublesome, indeed!
[Father Pucchi]
If you're currently here
planning to unceremoniously
eliminate D an' G,
then that must mean his Stand,
YA-YA MA, is simultaneously
after Jolyne's life. Correct?
[F.F.] It's him!
This can't be happening!
[Father Pucchi] How fortuitous.
I have something
to ask him myself.
His death would be
quite problematic, you see.
Are you trying to tell me
that Pale Snake is really...
Ah, so what are you
going to do if I am?
Will I then immediately
become top priority?
Or will finishing off D an' G
still take precedence over me?
I knew it...
You're Father Pucchi!
[F.F. screams]
You bastard!
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]